Add automated summary report as an example (#159)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-slack: examples/AutomatedSummaryReport/AutomatedSummaryReport.md

# Automated Summary Report

This use case demonstrates how the Slack API can be utilized to generate a summarized report of daily stand up chats in the general channel.

## Prerequisites

> 1. Generate Slack token to authenticate the connector as described in the [Setup guide](https://central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/slack/latest#prerequisites).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Generate a Slack token to authenticate the connector as described in the [Setup guide](https://central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/slack/latest#prerequisites).
```

> 2. For each example, create a `Config.toml` file the related configuration. Here's an example of how your `Config.toml` file should look:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. For each example, create a `Config.toml` file with the related configuration. Here's an example of what your `Config.toml` file should look:
```
